Will these magnets attract or repel? To find out, look at which poles are closest to each other. The south pole of one magnet is closest to the south pole of the other magnet. Poles that are the same repel. So, these magnets will repel each other.//
(X)Particles with any electric charge are called positive charges. Particles with a positive electric charge are called positive charges. But particles with a negative electric charge are called negative charges. (X)The smallest piece of matter is called an atom. Atoms are very small, but they are not the smallest pieces of matter. Atoms are made up of even smaller pieces, or particles, of matter. (O)Electric charge can be positive or negative. here are two types of electric charge: positive and negative.//
To predict if these magnets will attract or repel, look at which poles are closest to each other. The north pole of horseshoe magnet is closest to the south pole of bar magnet. The south pole of horseshoe magnet is closest to the north pole of bar magnet. Opposite poles attract. So, these magnets will attract each other.//
Compare Pair 1 and Pair 2. How are their magnetic forces different? The magnets in Pair 2 attract. The magnets in Pair 1 repel. But whether the magnets attract or repel affects only the direction of the magnetic force. It does not affect the magnitude of the magnetic force. Magnet sizes affect the magnitude of the magnetic force. Imagine magnets that are the same shape and made of the same material. The smaller the magnets, the smaller the magnitude of the magnetic force between them. Magnet A is the same size in both pairs. But Magnet B is smaller in Pair 2 than in Pair 1. So, the magnitude of the magnetic force is smaller in Pair 2 than in Pair 1.//
(O)This model shows that the balloon has both positive and negative charges. This model shows positive charges as + signs and negative charges as - signs. Both + and – signs are shown on this balloon. (X)This model shows the real size and shape of the balloon's charges. Real charges are very small. They are much smaller than the charges shown in this model. Real charges are not shaped like + and – signs, either. The + and – signs are just pictures that show charges in this model. (X)This model shows all of the balloon's charges. Just one grain of sand may have more than 10,000,000,000,000,000,000 charges. A real balloon would also have many charges, many more charges than this model shows.//