Two magnets are placed as shown. Will these magnets attract or repel each other?                        Hint: Magnets that attract pull together. Magnets that repel push apart.//
All matter is made of atoms. Atoms are very small pieces of matter. But they are not the smallest pieces of matter. Atoms are made of even smaller pieces, or particles. Some of these particles have a property called electric charge. There are two types of electric charge: positive and negative. Particles with a positive electric charge are called positive charges. Particles with a negative electric charge are called negative charges. Which of the following statements are true? Select all that apply.//
Two magnets are placed as shown. Will these magnets attract or repel each other?//
The images below show two pairs for magnets. The magnets in different pairs do not affect each other. All the magnets shown are made of the same material, but some of them are different sizes and shapes. Think about the magnetic force between the magnets in each pair. Which of the following statements is true?//
Atoms are so small that they cannot be seen without a special microscope. The positive charges and negative charges in atoms are even smaller! To show charges, scientists often use models. A model is a tool used to make things in real life easier to understand. Models can show things in nature or things made by people. This drawing is a model of the charges a balloon has. It shows positive charges as +, or plus, signs. It shows negative charges as –, or minus, signs. This model shows which types of charges the balloon has. It also shows which type of charges the balloon has more of. But this model does not show all of the balloon's charges. A real balloon has many more charges than you can count. This is because real objects have many atoms. Just one grain of sand may have more than 10,000,000,000,000,000,000 atoms! And each atom has positive and negative charges. What does this model show? Select all that apply.//